Elder Suzaku
Is he really the Dragon King?
Uncle Zhao said that Xiao Yuan is a waste
He must have offended the Dragon King Palace by impersonating the Dragon King
Elder Suzaku came to settle accounts with him
That's right, Elder Suzaku
This magic stick and the Fan family impersonate the Dragon King to interview the Dragon Tail
My Zhao family is about to kill them
shut up
Dare to disrespect the Dragon King
Suzaku See Dragon King
Congratulations on the opening of Dragon King Ten Star Hotel
Get some facts
Dragon King
Really Dragon King
It's over.
The Zhao family's foundation is over
That's not possible.
What does he want?
i
Why didn't you call Elder Suzaku at the raw dragon banquet?
This must have just been hired
Yes, okay.
Here comes another white nest
presumptuous
This king has just been ordered by the Dragon King
Break the foundation of your Zhao family
Hmph, the foundation of the Zhao family
Our Zhao family's foundation is deeply rooted
You still want to cut off the life of our Zhao family
Have the guts to take them down for me
What!
The king personally ordered to escape our Zhao family